c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp.pdb
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\obj\Debug\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\obj\Debug\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp.dll
c:\users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\obj\Debug\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp.pdb
C:\Users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\SlcClient.dll
C:\Users\mnm\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\TeamMnMGroupingWebApp\bin\SlcClient.pdb
